hi everyone and welcome back to the
Disney toy collector as promised I've
got another little live patch season 2
bird here for you to take a look at if
you saw my over overview and review of
the pink petal live pet from season 2
editor another one and this is it it's
snowflake
maybe a little look at that so these are
the latest season brand new leaves out
on the shops and they're going to say
all new bird songs and the answer I'm
going to say some phrases as well as
singing and ages 5 and above is what the
recommended thought does require two
triple A batteries in this one the
batteries are not included in these
individual birds I believe if you buy
the ones that come with the cages which
obviously a little bit more expensive if
they don't come with batteries included
just flipping around on the back and
exactly the same still up the other
pocket if you've seen that video if you
haven't I will put links in the
description below and 30 new bird curls
that's in comparison to the last season
the first one I did which was the green
bird with the yellow wings and obviously
regards your vice and it will say it
back so will that snowflake out the
packaging and see what it looks like
right then everyone so we've got
snowflake out of the packaging now and
give you a better look
so snowflakes like this really kind of
kind of cold wintery look about it as
the name might allude to but you can see
they're really nice silver white detail
and the blue wings and the snowflake can
detail around the eyes on the other side
as well and different Beach shape all
together to the last my shoulder which
was pretty petal and and to the previous
generation and a different tail design
again underneath that's what this nice
blue kind of crest on their blue feet
and but the the bottom is exactly the
same speak is going to be the same you
still got the bottom on the front there
for trying me as well so I'll just give
it a switch on and see what this one
does
see if we get some different sounds so
there we go this one actually these
these new generation season 2 ones do
speak as well without having to just
record your voice whereas the first
generation ones would only speak your
voice back at you and so there we go
that snowflake and just Ricardo picking
you'd say so I record everything you say
so there you go he's insane and 10 power
Z's available all over the place at the
moment so again if you like your live
pets and we've got several of these now
as you might have imagined my kids
absolutely love them they love playing
with them and like to set them all off
and sort of making a great deal of noise
all together bots and they like them and
these are ten pounds in the shops I'm
sorry for batteries she's going to keep
you going
batteries to triple-a batteries are
required and they're not supplied with
these ones if you do get the ones in the
cages they will have the batteries
supplied with them so that's gone to
about being for this video if you like
what you've seen in this video then
don't forget to subscribe and check out
our other videos links in the
description below for the other live pet
stuff if that's going to be your thing
and as always we'll see you in the next
one